there's little doubt that silverback
ronu would love to claim his hard-earned
right to the female in his group but at
37 years old tuck is most definitely not
interested in sex
nearly all females stop by their mid to
late 30s
unfortunately Ron who doesn't know this
and keeps trying to impress her with his
displays of strength but all this seems
to do is make tuck more determined to
ignore him as ronu continued to found
tuck her sons come to her defense now
the smallest gorilla in the group
decides to show the mighty silverback
Rana who's in charge
this is hardly the great leader in
control pushed around by the youngest
male in the group and spurned by tuck
the only female things couldn't get much
worse
[Music]
you